---
title: "Goodbye 2020 And Hello Future"
description: "Saying goodbye to 2020 and trying to figure out my future"
date:  2020-12-30 09:00:00 -0500
categories: [News]
tags: ['2020']
author: chuck lindblom
sharing: true
show_author_profile: true
show_excerpt: true
excerpt_type: html
---

# Goodbye 2020

I don't think it will come as a surprise to anyone. I am glad 2020 is almost over. This has been a year and a half, and I for one am looking forward to never recalling it. There will be no fond memories of it, there will be no talks of the good times. This year sucked, and no one can convince me otherwise.

# Site News

## Where Is This Going

I feel like I write this post every year and this time seems no different. I make promises that I am going to keep up with the site and publish more articles and posts during the year, but I never do. I always thought this would be a good way for me to make a little extra income if I just took the time to write and post things that people care about. So far it looks like the only thing I get hits on are tech articles about how to do something stupid that me and four other people in this world have.

## Ads

Its the thing no one wants to talk about. I have ads on the site becaue I wanted to make a little extra cash on the side. I debate every year taking them off or moving to another service instead of Google. The big evil Google. I think in the meantime I will keep them since they are not really in the way, if memory serves I forced them to the bottom of pages to get out of the way.

## My Life

It has been a mess this year. Working from home was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do, since I am a social person in a way. I have my tight group of people I hang out with and I depend on them in a way for the social interaction I need to survive. Working next to my wife every day has been a change for me. I enjoy it, but at the same time it drives me up a wall. Next year I would like to drop a few pounds (so would everyone else I know) and really work on my mental well being.


See you all in 2021
